hey YouTube what's up so last video I
had you guys vote for which type or what
video you wanted to see next and you
guys wanted to see my setup and what I
work with at like my desk and whatever
and so this is the desk I do most of my
videos that if you've seen some of my
tutorials or reviews on like painter a
specific product that is like that it's
usually down in my workshop but if you
want to see a video of that I will also
make one in a little bit but I feel like
that's just too much for one video so
I'm gonna do my desk up here and then
I'll also do one down in my workshop if
you want to see that but before get
ahead of myself
I really have a simple setup I have my
laptop works fine for what I do it's
nothing over the top top grade it's I
don't know it's a decent laptop don't
get me wrong but it's no mega computer
and so I'll start off with some of my
organizing skills so I have a box of all
the sticker packs I've finished just
haven't gotten the person's whatever
they're sending me yet so if they need
to send me a trade I have theirs already
to go and whatever and then in this
little box I have all stickers of put
backgrounds on or whatever so just stuff
I haven't really finished yet little
things like that so those are all
unfinished stickers or ones that I just
have backgrounds on them and then this
folder is empty right now I put all the
sticker packs that are finished and
going out in there and then these are
just bigger sheets of sticker blank
sticker paper that I use these are all
my little paints these are my studio
paints they're like 50 cents they do the
job I don't care then I have this
hundred set of markers and majority of
them are in this bag because I was going
somewhere and just need a few of them so
I pulled them out and put them in there
so those are just what I use on the
majority of my stickers and got some
books here just sticker books or
whatever sketchbooks got a new one
haven't opened up yet gonna finish my
old one up but if you want to see a
video of that just leave a comment or
anything cuz I'm almost done and it's
pretty pretty full up I got two boxes so
this is all my stickers that are in
carton packs but are finished and then
down here is all the stickers that I
keep that aren't up for trades this is
like one from every pack I've ever
gotten is in here so you can see a
pretty big pile to say the least and so
I keep that and then I have a homemade
light box I just the glass out because I
was doing this on my doing some silk
screening and needed the glass from it
but well homemade light box out of a
scanner I think yeah does the job so on
to some more markers these are all paint
markers and whatever that I use on
stickers I also have these decos they're
all not new obviously but those are the
ones I use on canvases or whatever I
don't use those for stickers because I
bought them and they'll all and they're
all pretty expensive so I have a this is
just a digital camera I don't use this
to film anymore I just had some troubles
with it and then come out with great
quality so I use a different camera now
I'll put like the specks of that in the
description because I don't know them
off the top of my head and I can't
really show you it because I'm using it
so here I got some colored pencil boxes
I really use those too often but I do
have them I used to use them a bunch
these are just some fine liner ones in
different colors little pack
okay so now I got some my pile of blanks
which is ever-diminishing
which is unfortunate because I don't
know if I can get more so I'm really
holding off using a standard USPS
because I'm running low so I do have a
bunch more of these somewhere else and
then I just got some hello my name is
and a little just green border badges
and some red ones okay so now I have
just some stickers that I haven't made
videos for you yet as you can see those
are all there I just need to make the
videos for them I got some of the
limited edition ironlak cans the four of
them I had a video of a shipment of
those so you want to see that you just
look through my videos a little
microphone I use for my computer ones it
came on this like headset thing but it
the headset broke so I just plug this
into my computer and use that works
better than the one that's on there but
uh nothing special again and I think the
headset was like 10 bucks and so it
broke but whatever and so that's really
gonna do it
I just have some more these are all like
envelopes blank envelopes some boxes I'm
gonna like the priority mailboxes or
whatever I just like to have on hand in
case I'm sending out a big pack I also
have my two big net posters they're
laying out because I don't know what I'm
gonna do with them yet or I know what
I'm gonna do with them I just haven't
gotten around to it in there I don't
want to fold them back up and then this
is my tripod as you can see it is uh I
had like drill holes through it and put
some pins in to make it stand up because
they broke it's like a 15 year old
tripod but it doesn't work it stands up
in the my camera can
go into it so it works well whatever I
mean as long as it can hold my camera it
works and you know that's really going
to do it like I said in the beginning I
will show you my workshop as well where
I keep all my paint or spray paint
specifically and all that kind of stuff
but if you have any questions on
anything I showed you be sure to leave a
comment and yeah that's really going to
do it for me
cover rate subscribe peace
you